Now let's add the same test for the chest part.
So opening the chest test here.
I'm going to add the test to this repeating each block.
So here.
Okay.
Entering the value to this email input and value will be.
None.
Unique email at mail.
Com and the message will be
emailed in use formatting this part.
So in the the spec test we added separate test because we were going to interact with the testing controller.
But in the just setup, we have this common server here and we have this rest post handler for the user's
user post request.
Just like this one, we can add another endpoint here.
Just copying the this one and adding a new one.
So basically this takes multiple request handlers.
I added with the comma separation.
So this was for the post for API users and this is for user email.
Now in this one we will check the request buddy.
Like this if request buddy and there will be email field in the request body if it is equals to the
to this non unique email at mail.
It's going to be returning.
This response with a status of 200.
Okay.
And it's just return adjacent empty.
Jason, we are not processing the response body, so it doesn't matter what we are sending back.
So this is the case where the mail is found and when mail is not found, it's it's going to return.
404 not found.
Here we have this error because the email is unknown type at the moment.
We don't know the body type.
So for resolution, we can do something like this.
We can define the type of unique email check.
And in this one we will have the email which is going to be string type of field.
So we can do like this.
We can take the, let's say, buddy from request buddy and we can say this is going to be the unique
email check.
Then here we can say.
But the email because we we know that there is email now because we define the type and we are basically
casting this request body to this unique email check.
So there is email field in this body.
So we mimic the back end implementation.
Here we have this handler which is going to be returning to 100.
Okay.
When we send a request with this email and we are doing that in this test, we are filling the email
form with this one.
But there's one more thing we need to do here.
Now we have an async behavior, which means we need to make sure the API request is completed before
we see the the error messages, like the validation messages here.
So like the visibility of this, the message is now dependent onto the API request.
So instead of using this query by text, we are going to use.
The the query we used before like this one find by text.
So this is waiting for this text to appear.
So we will do the same thing here as well.
So we will get, let's say, the error message and we get it by wait screen, find by text, and the
text will be the message.
And for this test it's going to be email in use.
So basically we are going to.
Check this one, this error message to be in the document, saving this one.
And here we see all tests are passing.